[Music]
But first I wanted to dedicate an excerpt to
the
pseudo-journalist Bernal Triviño.
You will surely remember her.
We've been talking about your name a lot
because of the docuseries, right?
So, this Ana Bernal Triviño was a
journalist.  I don't even consider her a
journalist or anything like
that, okay?  Because it doesn't inform, it
misinforms, it lies, it manipulates
information to suit its own interests in order to defend
people with its ideals.  Well,
this woman seems very ridiculous to me.  Okay,
I'll explain why.  Because if you
have principles and a profession, it does
n't seem normal to me at all that you
talk about phone calls like that.  Machismo lives on and
grows stronger because it is fueled by
the media.  Do you want to end
murder and abuse?  You have to
take responsibility without
ambiguity.  Otherwise, you won't be
informants, but disinformers,
exercising media violence, and that
makes you complicit.  Well, look, Bernal
Tribiño, mm, not reporting things
makes you an accomplice.  Okay, let's talk
about it because I think you've
slipped a bit.  So, you stopped
criticizing Tel5 when they started
offering you the chance to
collaborate on the Doku
Serie and Sálvame debates, right?  You've
been working on a show where
not just women,
but people, have been attacked, right?  That is,
they have been crushed, but in all kinds of
ways.  So, do you want to browse the
internet safely and also
access all the content on your
favorite platforms like Netflix, HBO
Max, or Disney Plus, CyberGhost, or VPN?  And I do
n't know if you know this, but there's
content that isn't available in your country,
and with this little trick, you can
access all the content, wherever you
are.  I don't know if you know what a VPN is,
but it's an extension you add to your
internet that masks your IP.  And
aside from browsing completely safely and
anonymously, so no one can tell who
you are or where you are, it also lets you
access certain content that's
blocked in your country.  There are movies and
series on your favorite platforms that
are not available.  There are
television programs, for example, on Mediaset,
content that if you try to watch them outside
of Spain, they have a geoblock that
prevents you from doing so.  Well, with Cyberghost VPN that's
over.  In addition to being protected and
browsing anonymously, you'll be able to
access content from all over the
world.  Plus, you'll have
complete privacy, as it keeps your connection
private and protects your data, and
ultra-fast speeds eliminate lag in
any online game, so
you can enjoy live streaming without
interruptions.  And as I've already told you,
freedom to access all the
content on the planet, wherever and whenever
you want.  Plus, get up to 83%
off using the link
in the description of this video.  And be
careful, because you can try Cyberghost VPN for
45 days without obligation and if you're not
convinced, you can request a refund and
get your money back.  So don't wait
any longer to protect your connection and enhance
your internet experience.
Click the link in the description and
take advantage of this super offer.  Cybergost
VPN for completely free and
secure browsing.  We continue with the video.  Here
Bernal Tribiño, suddenly, without
anyone mentioning her, without anyone
calling her, appears in a post by Wilson in
which they are messing with me because
I am questioning a
veterinary report, okay?  From the people that
Bernal Tribiño defends, okay?  Uh,
Miare made a statement the other day
saying that she can't hand over the dog she's forced to
hand over
because the dog has sarcoma, that is,
cancer.  Okay, Triviño?  Uh, so it
turns out that now all of a sudden, when
the subpoena to
hand over what he had this Friday has been cancelled, he's
going to have to hand it over in another
procedure, right?  that if he has
disobeyed a sentence, he
has to comply with the sentence.  Tribiño, eh,
even if they're your friends and even if they're
feminists, when people are
convicted they have to serve their
sentences, okay, Tribiño?  So,
uh, I doubt that I doubt the
existence of dog cancer.  If
she came out today saying that the dog didn't
have cancer, I mean, when she had to
hand it over, the dog had sarcoma and
now when she doesn't have to hand it over
now because she'll have to hand it over
in a few weeks, now suddenly the
dog doesn't have cancer.  It's cancer like
Lolly Huerta's, Rodinger's cancer
, okay?  But hey, here's
Tribiño with her friends, right?  Well, they
start making fun of me.  He says,
"Judge, veterinarian and oncologist."  No,
man, judge you, judge you who
sat down to hold debates accusing
crimes against people whose
cases have been closed, okay?  Hey, judge,
you who decided that a person was an
abuser and had exercised violence,
vicarious violence, right?  Also when
that procedure had already passed through
several judges.  But hey, here you are
doing the same thing again.  You are
defending people who are
convicted while accusing
people who have been acquitted of crimes.
Okay.  Hey, hey, hey.  And a journalist.  Well,
look, Tribiño, eh, I'm going to tell you something.
I am not a journalist.  It's that you don't either.
You're not a journalist either.  You
're a plug because you're progressive.
Look, Marlos stays with his family.  The
court will acquit and revoke the order to
hand over the greyhound to the Dallas Review, the
vanguard.  Okay.  And hearts for Miar
and Hearts for her mother by Ana Bernal
Triviño.  March 17th.  Hey, Ana Bernal
Tribiño, this press release is fake.
I don't know if you wrote it
yourself or if you commissioned someone else to do it,
but anyway, this press release is
fake.  My Ares has not been acquitted,
darling.  She has been sentenced.  She was
convicted of disobedience, because
she was already convicted in 2017 and she
decided to say no, that she wouldn't
hand over the dog, that it had
escaped.  I mean, imagine the mess they
would make of me if I were sentenced, for
example, to pay 0 euros to Joan
Plana and I told him, "Joan, I'm not going to
pay you your 0 €, I missed the 0 €,
no, no, I carry out the sentences.
Here, Joan, you 0 € it."  Okay, but
eh, why do you put a headline?  Why do
you put a headline about a lie and
on top of that, a judicial and criminal case?  So, what kind of
journalist are you?  Journalist, but if they
have convicted her, they have acquitted her, they have
condemned her.  And he says, "And revokes the
order of delivery of the greyhound."  Eh, point
number one, that's also a lie.  I mean,
this is the 17th. Miare herself
published the document and that order was
revoked on the 19th. Tribiño, aren't you a
journalist, mamen?  The cap thinks he's the
best and he's not even a cockroach.  What he
has done is horrible.  Okay, mommy, a
kiss, sweetheart.  Thanks so much for the
great chat, but please try not to insult
.  Okay, there's the pending
game over for this lady, but it
's just very random.  But come on,
you're not a journalist.  March 19, the
dog surrender order is revoked here.  But come on,
what the document is telling you is
that now you have to go and hand the
dog over to the previous procedure, which it
disobeyed.  In other words, you don't engage in
trib-style journalism; you use the
influence you have in a
media outlet to create headlines
at will, to make people believe the news
you'd like to see.  You
're not a journalist, you're a historian,
okay?  Or activist or agitator, okay?
But this news is a lie,
okay?  Then here, as always, I send you
a hug, Mantonieta.  And here you have
a tweet from Rubén Sánchez who
deleted that tweet that Rubén Sánchez
deleted, the guy from Facaua, Facuo, was messing with me,
okay?  He teased me because he
said that I couldn't tell one
greyhound from another, that Marlos and Argos were
two different dogs.
Rubén Sánchez deleted the tweet and I
completely understand because, come on, he can't make himself look
any more ridiculous.  Hey, they
filed the case and you
celebrated, Tribiño.  So, I
don't understand your point because when things are
closed, you keep calling
people abusers, but when a
case is convicted, because this was ultimately
reopened, unlike the Rocío
Carrasco case, this was ultimately
reopened and did end in convictions.  It's
your thing.  What do you defend?
Uh, October 2023, okay?  A
news story comes out.  A news story comes out in Madrid.  A
Venezuelan man and his wife abused a
baby.  They distributed the videos abusing
the baby and offered them to other
pedophiles to sell.  Tribiño's headline
, okay?  That the criminal was
only him, not the woman.  The woman was
alienated.  It was crystal clear that she
was no longer herself, that he had abused and
dominated her, that little is known about
dependencies, ties, and threats of
gender violence, and how easily it is
spoken.  I mean, you have a married couple,
a couple, both of whom are
criminals, who abuse a baby, who
start selling videos of them abusing
the baby, and you, with all your [ __ ], with
all your fat [ __ ], because
one of the two is a woman, you take her
out of the equation, and it seems to you
that she is an abused woman, that they were
handling her as if she were a
video game, as if they were
handling her with a Yotin.  Yes of course.  She
did the super obligatory things.  What are you
up to, what are you up to, Tribiño?  I
mean, you can't be more cheeky.
This, these headlines of yours make me feel
ashamed.  Okay.  Hey, the Rejón case.   The
Rejón case.  Let's see, I don't know if I
clicked correctly.
The colleague mentioned earlier that this does not
mean that this is an attack on
Lisa or her testimony.  No, I mean,
look, oh, he's talking about
Lisa, but if Lisa's thing was Ah, it's
also while they were on
Friday.  It's both, isn't it?  It's both.
But look, I'm saying one thing, let's see if
you agree with me or not, family.
I tell people whether they are on the
left or right, I love
everyone, okay?  And I listen to
everyone's opinions, but it
's not because they're left-wing or
right-wing, or up or down.  This
woman hasn't said many bad things yet
.  There are people on the left who
want them as representatives.  No, but
if there are people on the left, it's
wonderful, but this isn't left-wing,
this is already an extreme that no ...
You, you
can be as extreme as you want.
If you are arguing with me
intelligently, coherently, but this
woman has not said absurd things.  This
woman didn't take it and said about Iño Gorrejón,
who all feminists knew
was a sexist and famous and I don't know what.
Look what Nusca says.  I have indeed
criticized him if this helped him.  I commented
before.  This wasn't the click I wanted to
put, but we're on the same page.
If it is not the same.  Oh, put it with a
hyphen.  This, this is the one, this is your
cliana.  Look, this is what you thought
about the Ñigo Rejón case, okay?
He's indicted right now, right?  For an
alleged sexual assault, right?  Among
women we were warned.  Among
women we were warned.  Between which
women?  My sister doesn't know you.  My
sister was warned.  My neighbor doesn't
know you either.  My neighbor was
warned.  Had you come out in your
ridiculous articles to warn
women?  Between which women?  As?
Among women we were warned.
What do you mean, among women, you were
warned?  Well, obviously
feminists stick together.  Ah,
feminists, those who are not
feminists, [ __ ] them.
Sure, sure.  And many of her colleagues had been
given careful warnings.
What do you mean by top?  Ah, taps,
taps.  That's it, well, hints of, "This
person behaves like this, be careful with
this colleague."  While we
protect ourselves, of course, in the
inner circle.  Ah, okay, okay, okay, okay.  In
the circle, in the feminist circle.   Of
course it is.  The names are there and
when they need to be known, they will be
known.  Of course, the thing is that it was Ñigo
and Rejón, who was the number two in your
party, right?  From the party you
defend, right?  Of the parties that you
defend.  So, we have to keep quiet,
lest they close
doors on us in the little programs they
plug us into.  Okay.  And, Juan above, have you
already spoken about the audio recordings that have come
out of the son in which it is
acknowledged that the mother half-
blackmailed him or almost forced him to
denounce the father and to testify things
against the father?  It's that every time
news comes out against Juan
and this guy comes out, I mean, when
a manipulated story comes out like, no, Acuri,
reported, Acuri charged, but then you
don't get the result.  That means
you're not a journalist.  A journalist comes in and
says, "Well, Curi is charged,
because his son is accusing him of
abuse."  And then when the
months go by and the case is closed, he comes out
and says, "Auri, hey, dismissed, okay?
Off I go."  Because?  Well, because it turns out that
evidence has come out that it
was all a lie.  You are not a journalist.
What you do is try to sell a
story that you have in your
imaginary feminist head and that is not true,
and you protect a lot of barbarities and you
talk a lot of false headlines,
also about judicial issues
simply to defend the people
with whom you get along because of
ideology.  Absolutely ridiculous, you're not a
journalist, okay?  Rocío Carrasco
sentenced.  I mean, I just don't understand. I
mean, you write a bunch of articles about
Antonio David Flores, you
collaborate with a program that you
've always criticized for sexism,
you collaborate covering the
case of Rocío Carrasco and Antonio David.
You think men are very bad, and it's
abuse that they don't pay child support and
do whatever it takes to avoid their
responsibilities to their children.  Rocío
Carrasco, convicted of
family abandonment and failure to pay
child support.  Convicted on all three counts.
Already firm.  Where is your article?
Where's your tweet?  You defend
all those who condemn.  If there is no
more.  So, come and
teach me, Ana Bernard Tribiño, take a
walk, take a walk, take a walk.  I
don't need connections on
public channels, nor do I need connections.  I
have my YouTube channel and my
followers.  I don't need your
nonsense.
[Music]